Please consider for extra credit

Thread Pool and Worker queues:
We have 5 worker queues, one is the parse queue, one is for the first class request,
one for the buisiness class request, one is for the coach class request, and one for
the standby list. The main thread is responsible for adding the incoming request
We have MAX_THREAD number threads working to parse and process the request. If there 
is a incoming request, the main thread will add this thread into the parse queue,
and notifying other threads waiting on a conditional variable to begin working. After
a thread finished parsing the request, it will dispath the request into other 
processing queues (first class, biz class, coach class) and notify other waiting threads
(if any) to begin working. Every queue head is protected by a lock, also we give every
seat a dedicated lock to guarantee synchronization. We have a global variable to track
how many seats have been made pending or occupied, when this number equals the total
number of seats, at this point of time, if there is incoming request, it will be added
to the standby list if it's not full, so we have another variable tracking the current
size of the standby list. When a seat is cancelled, we have not releasing the lock for
the seat immediately, we will first assign it to a request in the standby list, if not
empty.

Cleanup pending requests:
Create a cleanup thread and initialize the seats’ states to be AVAILABLE at first. Then,
after every 5 seconds, check each seat’s status and update accordingly. If one seat was 
Pending before with the same user id, and it is still Pending after 5 seconds, then we 
set the state to be AVAILABLE. 
BenchMark:
MAX_THREAD = 1:
Average Response Time: 3.594470 ms
Total Time = 156 seconds
MAX_THREAD = 2:
Average Response Time: 1.428571 ms
Total Time = 62 seconds
MAX_THREAD = 3:
Average Response Time: 0.990783 ms
Total Time = 43 seconds
MAX_THREAD = 4:
Average Response Time: 1.129359 ms
Total Time = 48 seconds
MAX_THREAD = 5:
Average Response Time: 1.428571 ms
Total Time = 62 seconds

As we can see from above, when we increase MAX_THREAD, we noticed a drop of average response time
due to parallel process of the requests. However, when we increase the number further more, we 
observed an increase of the response time due to the cost of context switch. So for the tesing
environment that we use, we choose 3 as our MAX_THREAD. In general cases, this number should depend
on the number of cores of the CPU.
